# <div align= "center"> Natural Language Processing: Text Generation Project </div>
                    
### Project objective:
To lift the spirits of the General Assembly community, specifically the Data Science Immersive group. 

### Method:
To post motivational sayings on Slack to keep morale high. Some of the sayings are generated by a human, and some by a machine.

## Conclusion
<p align="justify">NLP plays a significant role in advancing human-machine interactions. With more research in this field, there is a significant chance of a breakthrough that will allow machines to recognize and understand human language, and perhaps, automate the workforce (Dun Dun Duuuuun!). </p>

## References:

- Akerkar, R., 2018. Artificial intelligence for business. Springer.
- Chowdhury, G.G., 2003. Natural language processing. Annual review of information science and technology, 37(1), pp.51-89.
- Gagniuc, P.A., 2017. Markov chains: from theory to implementation and experimentation. John Wiley & Sons. 
- Gatt, A. and Krahmer, E., 2018. Survey of the state of the art in natural language generation: Core tasks, applications and evaluation. J. Artif. Intell. Res., 61, pp. 65–170. 
- Hirschberg, J. and Manning, C.D., 2015. Advances in natural language processing. Science, 349(6245), pp.261-266. 
- Oxford Dictionaries, 2017. Markov chain | Definition of Markov chain in US English. Oxford Dictionaries | English. Accessed March 10, 2020: (https://www.lexico.com/en/definition/markov_chain)  
- Ratnaparkhi, A., 2006. International Business Machines Corp. Trainable dynamic phrase reordering for natural language generation in conversational systems. U.S. Patent 7,043,420. Song, B. and Suh, Y., 2019. Narrative texts-based anomaly detection using accident report documents: The case of chemical process safety. Journal of Loss Prevention in the Process Industries, 57, pp.47-54.
- Shao, Z., Huang, M., Wen, J., Xu, W. and Zhu, X., 2019. Long and Diverse Text Generation with Planning-based Hierarchical Variational Model. pp.1-16 
- Pati, B., Panigrahi, C.R., Buyya, R. and Li, K.C., 2018. Advanced Computing and Intelligent Engineering. Proceedings of ICACIE, 1.

## Inspired by:

- Andrew's Adventures in Technology, 2020. Text generation using Markov chains. Accessed March 10, 2020: (http://awalsh128.blogspot.com/2013/01/text-generation-using-markov-chains.html). 
- Alami, R., 2018. How I generated inspirational quotes with less than 20 lines of python code. Accessed March 10, 2020: (https://codeburst.io/how-i-generated-inspirational-quotes-with-less-than-20-lines-of-code-38273623c905).
- Zhao, A., 2017. Comparing Stand up Comedians Using Natural Language Processing . Accessed March 10, 2020: (https://github.com/adashofdata/nlp-in-python-tutorial).  
